(c) Create a class called complex for performing arithmetic operations with complex numbers. 
Use floating point variables to represent the private data of the class. 
Provide a default constructor that initializes the object with some default values. 
Provide public member functions for each of the following

•        Addition of two complex numbers: It returns the result obtained by adding the respective real 
parts and the imaginary parts of the two complex numbers.

•        Subtraction of two complex numbers: It returns the result obtained by subtracting the 
respective real parts and the imaginary parts of the two complex numbers.

•        display( ) – It displays the complex number in a+bi format.

The output should be displayed as follows:-        

Sum of  a1+b1 i   &   a2+b2 i     is  :  a3+b3 i

 

(d)  Create an object called GSSArray. (It stands for growable self-sorting array)

This object will manage an array of type int. 
Create a private variable for an array of type int. 
In the constructor for this object, take in an int value which will determine the starting size of the array. 
The constructor should also instantiate the array.

Create a public method called insert, which will take in an int
and find the location in the array where it belongs and insert 
it there. If the array is full, then before inserting the value,
method insert should call private method increaseSize, 
which will create a new array which is double the size of the
current array. Then it will copy the values from the original 
array into the new array and set the private variable to this 
new array.

The array should keep track of how many of its indexes are 
filled. Create a private variable called lastindex which will be equal to the last
index of the array that has a value.

Create a public method delete, which will take an int and if will 
remove the 1st instance of that number in the array. If the number doesn't exist, 
the method should return false, otherwise it should return true. (Don't forget to update 
variable lastindex in methods delete and insert.)